
Add a button on the Balance page to view 'Transactions'. Clicking this should
open a 'Transactions' area that shows a history of the transactions with the columns:
DateTime Address Amount Fee
The Address would only show our address and not the other persons address.
If the amount is sent from one of our address then the amount value should be in red.
If the amount is received by one of our address then the amount value should be in green.
The Fee is only shown when the amount is being sent from one of our address.
The TransID field should be the bitcoin transaction ID and link to the transaction
page at blockchain.info.
Use WATables http://wootapa-watable.appspot.com/ to display the data.
There should be a 'Back' button to return back to the Balance page.

The Settings page currently shows all the settings and requires a password
to change any setting value. Modify it so that it does not show any settings
until a password is entered. So going to the Settings page should only show
a field to enter the password. If it is entered correctly then the settings are
shown. The password can be stored as a variable in JavaScript and does not need
to be entered again to change the settings. Provide a 'Close' button at the bottom
of the Settings page so that clicking on it causes the password to be deleted
from JavaScript and the Settings page again shows only a field to enter the
password.

Change the Test Email script so that it requires the correct Settings page password
before it will send the email. The Test Email form on the Settings page
should include the password. This is to prevent the Test Email script from being
used by spammers to send emails.

==== Done ====

Fix the problem with transactions getting rejected sometimes.

Add the QR code scanning feature for browsers that support it with HTML5. Opera seems to support it.
  google "html5 scan qr code"
  see demo at webqr.com

Finish and test support for the ability to send bitcoins by email.

Finish support for Armory and Electrum wallet formats.






